Correct Number of Places Watchdog Alerts Are Found (#22223)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/watchdog/alerts/_index.md

## Where to find Watchdog Alerts

> Watchdog Alerts appear in four places within Datadog:

Reviewer: For our future selves
```suggestion
Watchdog Alerts appear in the following places within Datadog:
```

Author: @estherk15 🧠 good thinking!
